:scroll:  Add documentation and diagrams on the plugin architecture (#530)
vllm-project/vllm-spyre: docs/contributing/architecture.md

# Plugin Architecture

The Spyre plugin extends or replaces three main components in vLLM:

1. Scheduler
2. Model worker and model runner
3. Modeling code

To better understand how these modifications take place, it's helpful to

> first consider the state of the native vllm for GPU architecture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To better understand these modifications, it's helpful to
consider the state of the native vllm for GPU architecture.
```

![vLLM architecture](images/vllm_v1.svg)

As we can see, the API server, the engine core and the workers live in
different processes. All three refer to the platform API for backend
specific concerns.

In vLLM-spyre, we provide an implementation for the platform API that is
loaded at the vllm startup time and bootstraps all the other components.

![vLLM Spyre architecture](images/vllm_v1_spyre.svg)

As we can see in the diagram, the plugin modifies mainly the engine core
process and the worker processes. There are some request validation hooks
in the platform API that the API server invokes to make sure that the request

> can be handled by the backend, but that is all.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As we can see in the diagram, the plugin mainly modifies the engine core
and worker processes. The platform API includes request validation hooks
that the API server invokes to ensure that the requests
can be handled by the backend.
```

In the engine core we customize the scheduler for the constrains imposed

> by static batching and continuous batching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the engine core, we customize the scheduler to handle the constraints
of static batching and continuous batching.
```

The changes are broader in the worker process. Here most of the main
classes have Spyre-specific implementations. From the vLLM code we reuse
mainly the sampling code with all the logits processing, as well as the pooling

> code for non-generative use cases. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The changes are broader in the worker process. Most of the main
classes have Spyre-specific implementations. From the vLLM code, we mainly
reuse the sampling code (including logits processing) and the pooling
code for non-generative use cases. 
```
